we're celebrating the 60th edition of
modern wedding and a 60th wedding
anniversary is diamond now we have many
other things to celebrate tonight as
well we can celebrate the fact that
wildfire publishing has the widest range
of wedding titles of any publisher
worldwide
the whole purpose of tonight is to thank
you our advertisers and let's face it
the best wedding suppliers are all in
this room tonight
you
we've actually dedicated a lot of
editorial in our 60th diamond edition to
ovarian cancer to raising awareness and
also obviously to try to raise funds for
research why do we do what we do
together we are helping couples and
their families create one of the most
happy days of their life we touch parts
and isn't that privilege and an honor
you